It is a match of Hayami 1 ad companion
Sold by Lara
ran
re 2 h
Today is this from Evergreen Inc.'s Shanghai wholesaler main store in San on the Internet
Easy to take ipad tablet digital camera iphone compatible
Tripod stand which can use three ways
I told you that I am down with love
So I've taken videos until now
Have trouble amazing without stand
A few real sisters looking on the internet
Still but it was remains closed in a box going to Netto review I received
Also
Wants to exhibit this
think
It is because there is no iphone stand until now
Here cut to the wind called a box of'll bonus of slate buy Lawson's Teach
I put an iphone and actually took it like this
It was such a rough piy
But it is a yukata because I got a swing stand
Oh dear
Oh my God I think that something like this is a part
This is a picture of a dragon
Ichiran is this
I am
Yeah yeah yeah
Plug in the Meiji period j
I would like to set my love 4 because it is miserable
The
Is it perfect ? Some people are not iphone
U
The boy was stretched and relaxed
The
I 'm a dog with a spring, so I think if you have a body size mobile you want to go here
But also Chopsticks
I can not fix it with Necchan
You can take a video like that
The arm is like this
Of course tablet pc and digital camera besides iphone
mobile It can be used as a stand for various applications
Is a foot but in a state of turning 24mm
It's the most expanded state. It's up to 9 sizes. It's 140mm.
If you put a tablet pc , here's your feet here
We say that tablet pc stands up
banana
I here Well I after you spread but I'm adjustments from 50 mm to 70 mm
You can set the digital camera if you take this screw
Length from here to here 122mm
The height from the bottom to the public is 160
Nanami
I think that it is great convenient to carry because the very small
That it is from now on it a lot he likely
We ordered on the Internet at a Shanghai wholesaler main store
ipad tablet digital camera iphone compatible
It was a tripod stand that can be used in three ways
By the way
Good evening mountain round 4 of dn of y ph
Here the body itself is 499 yen Te to the monks 399
The total was 898 yen
Well I thought that it is good because it is less than 1000 yen , I saw it on the net of a lot Ne-chan's abandoned house
But I thought it was the easiest way to use it for me
That is why I so long for now please look at everyone Shanghai Goya's page water that
me
Second run dustproof cap Lia Fasu to live together 1v